what's up gamers my name is Cory and
today I've got some live commentary and
call of duty black ops 2 jumped in this
game a little bit late but our team is
winning so that's pretty good I am using
the chick home and I have it diamond I
tend not to use the guns after i get
them diamond but i am working on getting
the master prestige i have almost I
think all but three submachine guns
master prestige no it's just a goal that
I want to have awesome playing Kill
Confirmed like I always do I probably
should stop playing kill confirmed just
I don't know I like it gives you a lot
of XP when you're when you're playing
and that's why I play it obviously so I
can level up and you know yeah and you
know today I want to talk to you guys
about me paying off my car so I bought a
car februari 2012 it was 2005 scion tc
and it was about twelve thousand dollars
after everything is said and done and I
love it I've had it for a while I got
new tires on recently but it's amazing i
love it and it's because of you guys
that I was able to afford it and buy it
and I was paying a five year five year
loan of it to 28 month and well you know
I've just said hey I'm paying it off so
instead of instead of you know paying it
off in the five years that it's for
obviously that's all loans work you paid
them off in five years if it's a car
loan I painted off in 11 months yes 11
months all because you guys support me
liking my videos I was able to afford to
a paid off I went the bank I went to the
bank today I had like nineteen hundred
dollars at home saving up and then i had
to i got paid today from mission well i
got paid on the 15th but it takes a
while free money to get in the bank
account so by how so i took my money i
went to the bank it was I took like 4200
out of my checking account 2009 of my
savings and then I i paid it off my car
i put i took a picture of all the money
my hand so i'll put that in the video
either top right or top left whatever i
think looks son of a biscuit anything uh
whatever I look that I don't know much
but yeah and that's all because you guys
I was able to pay my car off I'm really
excited like you have no idea when you
if you know like how awesome it is to
have a five year loan and pay it off in
11 months and yeah so I did spend like
all of my money to do so I'm and now I
don't really have any money saved but I
don't care it's one less bill at bay now
I have to do is I pay my credit card
which I like 3,000 on it because I a
bottle of stuff about myself christmas
stuff other people Christmas stuff stuff
like that but dunya i'll get that to
paid off in a few months and again i
just want to say thank you to all of you
that have been watching my videos and
liking them sharing them because you
know without you guys doing that every
day I my life want to be as good as it
is right now and it's all because of you
guys so thank you I don't know if I
think you guys enough but I am very
thankful so thank you anyhow this
gameplay is not doing that well my
teammates keep losing I don't know how I
jumped in one like but whatever it is
really yeah really got oh shit SMR as
some large not even good i like the FAL
and yeah another thing when i talk about
is lately uh actually youtube messed up
the view count neighbor accountant views
double so I mean I thought my videos
were doing amazing because they were in
like the six thousands of seven thousand
twelve thousand even the one of my
girlfriend playing zombies and but that
wasn't the case they went back to being
liked 3000 4000 now so thank you to all
of you there are 3000 4000 but you know
I just wish more people would a watch i
don't i don't know why they don't i have
watched my older videos and oh my god
was i terrible a lot of people like i
miss you old you but I'm much better now
making videos at least I think so I
actually know what I'm talking about I'm
actually speaking properly and well not
properly but you know I mean I can
actually hold a topic without getting
all weirded and confused and stuff like
that I don't know I was just really bad
and you should go back to my older
videos to see how much better i've
gotten at making videos but i don't know
i get a lot of subs each day about a
hundred i actually get more than 100 but
a lot on some which you would think
would make perfect sense you know i get
rid of old subs you get news
the video views will be up but that
doesn't happen um I have been uploading
every day I tend to do that that's what
I've been doing for a while now and I
upload at ten a.m. eastern standard time
so you can google that if you want to if
not it just means that any time in the
afternoon of where you live there will
be a video up unless you're in the UK a
then you have to wait I saw him there
but I was thinking is going to go the
other way this is such a slow map anyhow
I'm excited for the new maps I have a
commentary tomorrow maybe i think i'll
upload it tomorrow that i will talk
about the new game mode because i have a
few things to say about that and then
and yeah maybe and then I think the day
after i'll talk about the new map i'm
excited but it's so far away they said
it's coming out in the 29th which is
another two weeks well less than two
weeks but you know not next week not
next Tuesday but the Tuesday after and
just seems so far away I get him I don't
think I did but but yeah I got a daisy
server i don't know if you guys are into
Daisy I'll put a link to a I made a
community website for just so the people
that actually sign up can actually
figure out the access to the server but
it's four days engine comm link will be
in which captured excuse me saw burpin
some orange juice I've been getting
orange juice lately cuz it's amazing oh
he is there come on oh no where did you
go there we go I like the chick home but
has that it's not the greatest distance
I found mainly because it shoots really
fast and then you're just spraying then
I don't use I pretty much use the same
stuff the laser sight and stuff like
that I saw a video where they said the
laser sight didn't work i don't know if
that's a real or not but if so that's
stupid considering is it come on tonight
anyhow we are going to lose this game
let's i can kludge it clutch for the win
No what the hell even when i get to oh
no now we lost i blame a teammates
I did everything at good hope you guys
enjoyed this gameplay i'll see you
tomorrow with some more and oh and i got
the an-94 gold so all i needs and made a
one-goal next then my assault rifles
will be diamonds I'm level 44 not gonna
proceed just yet but soon I 126 and 13 2
point 0 KD 20 confirms more confirms and
almost most of my team they got 29
together i get 20 i had the most
confirms in the game because i'm a
objective whore and we still lost by two
side of a biscuit anyhow i will talk to
you guys later have a great day and take
care go watch my other videos from
previous days if you've missed them